Section1, patient days + inflight + BIS
1.	Jensen report (Rice), monthly
  a.	Admission, discharge by ward
  b.	For non inpt ward admit nursing OU, need to use current ward to replace the admission nursing  OU

2. Admission report  (to follow up)
  a. By paying and subsizied

3.	Chwee Huat (pharmacy) … include both current ward and admission ward
  a.	Admission report , by individual case
  b.	Exclude EDTU admit ??
  c.	Exclude SO and TA

4.	Pei Yin (Pharmacy )
  a.	Purely discharge by discharge types  (based on 4 inpatient admit types, SD/DI/EL/EM)
  b.	No need to breakdown by ward/admit type, only break down by discharge type
  c.	Extra column discharge < 24 hrs
  d.	Overall discharge and admission (volumetric)

5.	Nursing/infection control/MA
  a.	In Patient days by ward
  b.	Ward 4A KIV

6.	Meal Order
  a.	Daily discharge
  b.	Inflight
  c.	EDTU included, ASW,DSW not included
   

7.	MMD (Simon) , by ward, break into day   （To Follow Up)
  a.	Patients days
  b.	Bed days
  c.	Discharges
  d.	BOR（average for the month)
  e.	ALOS  

7.	Finance report
  a. Patient days by patient class (e.g. A = A, AP,  NR and all the RF for finance)  same as F10 (F10 for CRF will classify under C)
      i.	ISO/HD/ICU take precedence
      ii.	Take iso Acc Cat first
      iii.	Take ICU/HD Trt Cat
      iv.	Use above ii and iii to overwrite the patient class
  b.	Patients days by ward
  c.	Patients days ,by subspec,   patient class,  and patient residential status (3 dimension)
  i.	does not separate into ISO/ICU/HD, purely based on patient class (against 6.a)
  d.	Discharges based on patient discharge class, subspec, residential status (3 dimensions, same as above 6c)
  e.	Discharge based on referral sources (Finance group into 5, we might show all the breakdown) , and subspec

8.	MOH,  F09 (admit / discharge) and F10 (patient days)
  a.	Same logic as above 7.a, except RF grouping
  
9.	F03 (lodger report), by Elective+SD,   and EM/DI (For EM)
  a.	Matrix from patient class to acc class
  b.	Ignore ICU/HD/ISO
  c.	Purely based on admission
  
10.	F03a (lodger report), no need to split into elective and emergency
  a.	Matrix from patient class to acc class
  b.	Ignore ICU/HD/ISO
  c.	Purely based on patient days/inflight
  d.	Pay attention to the others (ward12, single room label as others, but ops prefer to let acct class follow the ward)

Section 2: Outpatient report
11.	In finance report, outpatient attendance 
  a.	Include FV, RV, FW, RW, another 4 telehealth, but under Trt Cat exclude NC
    i.	By clinical dept , by subspec/dept ou, by pte/sub, by location (Trt OU)  (using the text to show instead of OU)
    ii.	By clinical dept , by subspec/dept ou, by pte/sub, by referral sources)  (using the text to show instead of OU)
        1.	See how to group the referral source
        2.	See whether can refer the grouping of referral source by F04
    iii.	Psy Med need to sort out by Dr./MCR
    
12. F04 New SOC attendance (inclusion and exclusion follow 11.a. There is mapping manual referral

13.	F12 report, SOC attendence by resident type(map from SAP class),  telehealth health status (visit type), specialty (dept OU),  Repeat/new, subsidy status (P,S)
  a.	Might need to convert to F12 old template for NUHS submission
  
14.	For RICE. Discuss to give SAP access to the team. (Sherwin will apply SAP)

15.	MOH SOC Capacity Census, submit on Jan & Aug, data submit by Ops. 
  a.	Exclude AHP rooms, request Ops to submit  

16. MOH F42, quarterly report, elective surgery waiting time  (Jeremiah)
  a. Case level
  b. OOTS as data resources
  c. SSS team scrub through the cases booking rationale and exclude when neccesary  
 
17.	MOH F41, quarterly report, patient waiting time for SOC consult
  a.	Does not cover walk in patient
  b.	Only FV/RV
  c.	Case level
  d.	Long waiting time send back to Ops to review
  
18.	MOH AHP report,  mid of the month, all info from AHP
  a.	Lab O02
  b.	Allied heath F24
  c.	DI,  O03 – also need to send to NUHS dashboard

Section 3: Procedure report (monthly)
19.	Finance report
  a.	For DS/ES/DO, number of episode, by subspec, patient class, location (Trt OU), also use SAP surgical visit report – can use unique case number 
  b.	For DS/ES/DO, number of procedures, by subspec, patient class, location (Trt OU), can purely base on SAP surgical visits report 
  c.	OT utilization 

20.	NUHS resource dashboard - monthly
  1. OT utilization by discipline and room
    a.	By discipline allocated time, by MOT and DSOT
    b.	By OR room, by MOT and DSOT. We need planned session, OT capacity time and actual procedure duration (+15 for each procedure using OT exit and enter time) AC,AP, PC
    c.	Cluster report does not include Endo
  2	SOC room utilization
    i.	By slot - in fact it’s the slot utilization (user fill in actual , no show and open slots)
    ii.	By room, user fill in open sessions, consult room (for j K need to fill  AHP sessions, then convert to room used and round up)

21. 	One NUHS Task Force: -submit to Ashley
  1. OT lead time provide , same as F42 (need to ask Jeremiah) 
  2. percentile (50% and 95%)

22.	MOH F14, inpatient surgical procedure, 
  a.	based on SAP surgical visit report,  by DI/SD/EM/EL, breakdown by sub-spec, by OP Table

23.	MOH F15, day surgery procedure 
  a.	based on SAP surgical visit report,  by DI/SD/EM/EL, breakdown by sub-spec, by OP Table

Section 4: Balance score card reports (Quarterly)
24.	SO1.3 for new pt using our signature program
  a.	For Outpatient: Unique patient first time enter into the program , separate by outpatient and inpatient, means if pt enter OP before, will consider again if patient enter IP
  b.	If patient new-enroll in different program, also count. Outpatient can first cut by FV
  c.	Inpatient also look into whether admit into same program
  d.	Quarterly – April, July, Oct, Jan for submission

25.	SO1.2, appointment consolidation
  a.	To be confirmed
  b.	Inpat discharge with outpatient care consolidated at AH
  c.	Denominator: (might need to exclude covid??)
    i.	Adm referral source must exclude non NUHS institution
    ii.	Discharge type: dis NUHS hospital, follow up SOC, pt discharged
    iii. Discharge Dept : FASMED and GERIMED
  d.	Numerator 
    i.	Check all the SOC appoint (actual + plan)
    ii.	Check against the discharge list
    iii.SOC appointment happen within the period


Section 5: Yearly and half yearly reports 

26.	MOH F35, Patient profiles of new SOC attendance, yearly
  a.	Age, gender, telehealth(visit type), ethnicity
  b.	FW/FV, FD/DF
  
27.	MOH O06, yearly at end of year, as of 31 Dec , mostly Ops to submit
  a.	SOC rooms
  b.	OT/Endo rooms

28.	HAS, Yearly report 
  a.	knee and hip replacement report

29.	HR Half Yearly job plan
  a.	SOC attendance FV/RV (include telehealth), inpt discharge, UCC, day surgery (ES, DS, DO, by procedures, SAP data) , inpatient surgery (EM, EL, SD, DI, by procedures, SAP data), show by MCR/Staff name
  b.	Anesthesia workload  (also based on surgical visit report,  Anesthetist column,  group the patient class into sub and pte
  c.	EMD(UCC), attending physician, and attendance
  
30.	MOH Yearly O08   ICU/ISO capacity, yearly 31 Dec snapshot, manual submission from Ops

31.	MOH Yearly F36,  EMD patient profile, yearly 31 Dec snapshot, use 1 yr data.  By age, race, gender, residency, SAP there is no residency status (can take from PASS)
  a.	Use the subvention  document code (see Joyce’s email notes), to group SG/PR/Gender/Resident
  
32.	MOH Yearly F44,  ED/UCC attendance, by diagnosis code and volume

Section 6： Other reports 
33.	OPE exclusion list （month), OPE will submit to MOH
  a.  UCC – Arrival Mode: Police Vehicle Referral Hospital: IMH, Court, Police 
  b.  Case End Type: Discharge to Police, Discharge to Prison, Discharge to DRC
  c.	SOC – Referral Hospital: IMH, Court, Police Attn Physician MCR: 2 Psych Med Doctors
  d. 	Admissions – Referral Hospital: IMH, Court, Police
  e.  Discharges – Post Discharge Hospital: IMH, IMH (A&E)
  f.  IC Starts with S/T  ， X
  g.	also exclude SOC attendance by Psychologist, e.g. Neo Li Fang , their MCR no. usually start with “LPSY” (for Li Fang, hers is LPSY001)

## Other Notes
Reports need manual verification:
  a.	SOC FV (from SAP appointment Waiting Time report)
  b.	Elective Surgery Waiting Time report (may need to pass back to SSS)
  c.	SOC consult Waiting time report 
  d.	ED consult WT (weekly)
  e.	Bed waiting time report  (daily)
  f.	ED attendance report (monthly)

Irregularity checking logic:
  a.	Inflight shall not show up in ASW/DSW as ward
  b.	PAL, Geri and Rehab patient should not appear in DSOT/MOT procedure workload
  c.	CHAS/FMC need to check and find out which FMC (For F04 report)
  d.	Finance report: Ref Type mis-match with Ref Hospital (e.g. NUH -> NHG hospitals. It is in finance report : inpatient discharge  and outpatient workload section)
  e.	Procedure Report: Wrong Dr vs Dept match for procedure work done (Single Dr performed in more than 1 unrelated dept OU. Those related dept OU include 
    i.	LSFAGS  Fast General Surgery vs. LSCHROGS Chronic General Surgery
    ii.	LSHAORTH HA General Orthopaedic vs. LSHAAREC HA Adult Reconstruction
    iii.	LSFAMED Fast Medicine vs. LSCHRO Chronic
    iv.	Extract those cases number for verification
    
 P4P folder cleaning up follow up:  first 3 reports plan to request MA to upload
 	1. CPCRE
	2. MRSA
	3. Readmission
	4. F09
	5. F10
  6. F40
 
 NGEMR follow up:
	1. Need to sign up new team member to be in the access list for rehab and MSW
	2. For Lab, the data will still send out from Lab staff. Whether we are still using TD/Synergy (business as usual), or we plan to onboard to Becker?, Contact person: Kelly
	3. Liza fan Yan Ping (NUHS) - SPOC for report
  4. Voon How Rosette contact person for MOH report distribution 
